Wuji, since your current strength is comparable to 6 draws
Then as a teacher
Some things have been told to you in advance.
Wuji, you know
The two competitions between my Freeland Gate and Tianpeng Jianzong
Shi Zun, I know
Two competitions
It is our Canglan Gate and Tianpeng Jianzong
Send Inner Mongolia to fight on their own
win or lose
Determined our Canglan Gate and Tianpeng Jianzong
The proportion of training resources in Jiangnan Province
Yes, in the early years, in order to compete for this cultivation resource
I, Freeland Gate and Tianpeng Jianzong, have done a lot
It's a loss of life
Later, the two seniors tried to quell the dispute
This is why I chose the method of the sect competition
That's a good idea.
The dispute was contained within a manageable range
Hey, the way is a good way.
But I can't stand it. Freeland Gate has been losing for decades in a row
Losing for decades
How is this possible?
Over the decades
I freesia gate
than his canopy
Every year, nearly 50% of the cultivation resources will be reduced
If you do this again, the emperor will not continue
What future can we talk about?
Promise!
The reason why I train you so carefully
Just to make you in the Canopy Sword Sect
Compare with me, the Freeland Sect, the two sects
Yiming amazing
Defeat the Canopy Sword Sect Yes
Wuji will not live up to the high expectations of teachers
There is still a month before these two competitions.
The next task is to cultivate well
Prepare for two major competitions
Yes